
# Monday Weekly Meeting 12
- **Date:** 2024-11-25
- **Time:** 13:30-14:30
- **Location:** Agriculture 232B 
- **Minute Taker:** Brett
- **Attendees:** 
  - Owen
  - Brett
  - Azat
  - Shaun

## Purpose


## Agenda
1. Run through final project presentation plan
2. Plan last push for the presentation

## Minutes

Azat explained that courses should be made with course marks excluding the courseId and gateId in the marks to prevent a looping error. The courseId will be set automatically, and the gateId can be set using a put api call. Owen said the post method for creating a course returns the courseId, and we should use that to update the course mark's gateId where necessary.

Plan to meet with PO during weekly meeting on Monday December 9th.

Both code and worksheet are due Friday December 6th.

There are some GitHub actions that need to get turned on (and maybe fix bugs).

For offline capabilites, Owen suggested we could add a page to the frontend to set the first part of the url used in web requests, that way a user can change it to send locally.

Azat could put api json file into documentation.

We still have to do load testing and security analysis.

For load testing:
- Make one decent .gsx file for the track
- Use a load testing application to upload the track in a load test

Presentation requires:
- Overview of project
- Demo of project
- Development details (what went right? what went wrong? any unexpected bugs? what did you learn? etc.)
- 20 minutes

Shaun to make a google slides presentation in the google drive.

Owen will try to make the flutter frontend look better.

Shaun will try to make the react frontend look better.

We'll use Owen's laptop for the presentation because he already has flutter setup.

React still needs:
- Pull request merged
- Pull request for course viewing created and merged
- Url changing via input field
- Extra tweaks to view races and regattas

Considering one feature can be dropped since Robert VWed, we should pretty much have every feature completed if we complete what is discussed above.

Brett will finalize the functionality of the react frontend.

Owen asked if colours and symbols for course markers on map can be easily changed. Shaun said yes. New colours:
- Warning: orange
- Counter-clockwise: red
- Clockwise: green
- Gate: yellow

Shaun made the colour changes.

Owen and Azat suggested replacing the symbols for clockwise and counter-clockwise with clearer unicode symbols. After Owen looked up some new ones, Shaun copied them into the mark code.

### Tasks & Follow-up
- Owen: improve flutter appearance, make sure whole project runs
- Brett: finalize react frontend
- Azat: add api json file to documentation and perform load testing
- Shaun: make final presentation, improve react frontend appearance

### Next Meeting Agenda

Plan final push of project and worksheet for handin
