
# Monday Weekly Meeting 1
- **Date:** 2024-09-16
- **Time:** 13:30-14:30
- **Location:** Agriculture (66 Dafoe) Room 232C 
- **Minute Taker:** Brett
- **Attendees:**
  - Owen
  - Robert
  - Brett
  - Azat
  - Shaun

## Purpose
Create a draft for sprint 0 requirements

## Agenda
1. Who will hand in the Sprint 0 worksheet & presentation?
2. Create a draft presentation with Owen & Shauns work
3. Missing Sprint 0 items:
   - Determine rough workload divisions
4. [TimePermitting] Discuss UI
   - Start by viewing the concepts brought by Azat & Brett
5. [TimePermitting] Project Administration:
   - Roles Filled
   - Roles To Fill
   - Expectations of Roles
6.  Does the Server Coordinator role include backend dev, and/or figuring out how to host?

## Minutes
- Azat confirmed with Rob that having separate features across frontends is ok.
- Robert will handin the sprint 0 worksheet and presentation. He will also handin all future submissions for the group.
- Robert asked if the group wanted to use slides for the presentation. The group said yes.
- Robert will setup a google drive to host the slides and anything else along those lines.
- Owen clarified that the mobile app should track the boat's position throughout the race so that both the racers and race committee (mobile and web apps) can see how the racers are doing. Will probably use gpx files to track coordinates. Could also have faster refresh times for the gps near certain points (like the start) and longer refresh times otherwise to save battery life.
- Shaun asked if we wanted to have a backup database. He also mentioned that if we wanted to do that, we should put it in our architecture diagram.
- Robert created a google doc for sprint 0 requirements. Owen and Shaun to add their work to the doc.
- Decided on the following required features:
   - Race tracking
   - RC defines courses
   - RC can create local backend
   - Course notes and warnings
   - Automatic results calculation using boat handicaps
- Owen started filling in the sprint 0 google doc and will add the text to a google slide later.
- Roles discussion:
   - Scrum Master: [Not Needed]
   - Presenter: [Owen]
   - Presenter Assistant: [Shaun]
   - Minute taker: [Rotation]
   - Concept Lead: [Owen]
   - UI Designer: [Part of concept lead]
   - GitHub Coordinator: [Robert (for now, might need to change)]
   - Frontend Coordinators: [Robert (Flutter)] [Shaun (React)]
   - Application Tester: [Azat (a bit fuzzy, see what happens)]
   - Docker Coordinator: [Brett]
   - Database Coordinator: [Owen] [Azat]
   - Server Coordinator: [Owen] [Azat]
- Use sql database, figure out how to use gpx files with sql
- Technologies discussion and entered data into google doc
- Went over UI designs

### Tasks & Follow-up
- Owen: Make proposal presentation slides with text from google doc [due Wednesday]
- Robert: ?
- Brett: Upload UI designs
- Azat: Upload UI designs
- Shaun: Make architecture diagram and add to presentation slides [due Wednesday]

### Next Meeting Agenda

?