# First Meeting
- **Date:** 2024-09-11
- **Time:** 13:30-14:30
- **Location:** Engineering 6th Floor
- **Minute Taker:** Robert
- **Attendees:**
  - Owen
  - Robert
  - Brett
  - Azat
  - Shaun
    - informed absence during meeting due to prior commitment
    - present before & after meeting

## Purpose
Begin project discussions

## Agenda 
[n/a]

## Minutes
- Meetings
  - Weekly meetings every Monday from 13:30 to 14:30
  - Meetings will have a minute taker on rotation
- Follow-up meeting this Friday (2024-09-13) at 13:30-14:30
  - Owen will be unavailable due to a prior commitment
- Project ideas
  - [Owen] Sail Race Analyzer [Chosen Project Idea]
  - [Brett] Financial Tracker
  - [Shaun] Vehicle Stats & Reviews
    - Reviews split between professionals and the general public
- Technologies for project:
  - GitHub
  - Backend
    - ASP.NET Core (C#)
    - SQL
  - Frontend
    - Flutter (Dart) for mobile
    - React (JavaScript) for web
  - Self-host server and database with Docker
- What are members interested in working on?
  - Shaun - Frontend for experience
  - Azat - anything
  - Robert - Flutter
  - Brett - anything
  - Owen - [forgot]
- What experience do members have?
  - Owen
    - Backend
    - ASP.NET Core
    - workplace experience
  - Robert
    - general
    - minor history with Flutter
  - Brett
    - Backend
    - some history using an existing Docker environment
    - React
    - workplace experience
  - Azat
    - general
  - Shaun
    - Backend
    - React
  - Most/All Members
    - GitHub
    - Minute taking
  - [note] Members also listed languages used, but responses were not recorded by minute taker
- Members will interact with multiple technologies
- Each technology used will have group member(s) that specialize in the technology.
  - Flutter - Robert
  - ASP.NET Core - Owen

### Tasks & Follow-up
- Group:
  - Send link to your GitHub username
  - Extra meeting this Friday (2024-09-13) at 13:30-14:30
- Owen:
  - Expand on Sail Race Analyzer
  - User Stories from personal experience 
- Robert:
  - Setup GitHub Repos
  - Meeting Minutes
  - Setup Friday group meeting
  - Book Rooms
  - Ask the instructor for project clarification:
    - Do front ends need to have identical functionality?
    - What is a non-functional feature that relates to capacity?
