# Friday Follow-up Meeting
- **Date:** 2024-09-13
- **Time:** 13:30-14:30
- **Location:** Engineering 5th Floor Hallway Table
- **Minute Taker:** Robert
- **Attendees:**
  - ~~Owen~~
    - informed absence - prior commitment
  - Robert
  - Brett
  - Azat
  - Shaun

## Purpose
Create a draft for sprint 0 requirements, and determine the next meeting goals

## Agenda
### Sprint 0
1. Answers to project presentation points (elevator pitch) (from 1_proposal document on UMLearn)
   1. What is your application? [owen]
   2. Why do people want to use it? [owen]
   3. What are the key features youâ€™ll deliver? [owen]
   4. What technology stack are you planning on using? [shaun]
   5. Show a very simplified and high-level architecture diagram showing the plan [Shaun]
   6. Highlight the different technologies, and have a short discussion of why you chose them and how they will work together [Shaun]
2. Who/whom is presenting? [owen]
3. Worksheet (from sprint 0 worksheet on UMLean) 
   1. Summary & Vision [Owen]
      - Core features
        - minimum 4 functional features
        - minimum 1 non-functional capacity feature
      - Key Features with User Stories, and an Acceptance Criteria
   2. Initial Architecture [Shaun]
      - high-level architecture of the project
      - what technologies will be used on each tier
      - Why will our architecture work, and provide a link (unsure what provide a link means)
   3. Work Division [NextMeeting]

## Minutes
- Prior to meeting Robert, Azat, and Shaun spoke on meeting items. Brett was briefly filled in when the meeting started
- Sprint 0 Agenda Items:
  - Required presentation information will be collected by designated members seen in [Tasks & Follow-up]
  - Presentation handled by Owen if permitting
  - Required worksheet information will be collected by designated members seen in [Tasks & Follow-up]
- Development should be focused on specific environments
  - e.x. Android 12 (for mobile)
  - e.x. Firefox (for web)
- Robert, Brett, and Shaun have general experience with GitHub
- Shaun can clearly speak on our architecture
- Azat is not busy this term
> [!Important]
> Owen was not informed on their proposed roles as of the minutes' creation. Confirmation is reqired prior to role assignment. All other members game their stance.
- Roles (with suggested individuals):
  - Admin Roles:
    - Scrum Master
      - [Owen] [Robert] [Shaun] [Brett]
    - Scrum Support
      - [Owen] [Robert] [Shaun] [Brett]
    - Presenter
      - [Owen] [Shaun] 
      - Undesired, but capable: [Brett] [Robert]
    - Presentor Assistant(s)?
      - [Owen] [Robert] [Shaun] [Brett]
    - Minutes Taker
      - [All Members]
    - Concept Lead
      - [Owen]
    - UI Designer
      - [Shaun] [Azat]
    - GitHub Coordinator
      - [Robert]
    - Frontend Coordinators
      - [Shaun] & [Robert]
    - Technical Writer?
    - Application Tester
      - [Azat]
  - CS Roles:
    - REACT Lead
      - [Shaun]
    - Flutter Lead
      - [Robert]
    - Docker Coordinator
      - [Brett]
    - GitHub Actions
      - [Robert]
    - Database
      - [Azat] [Owen]
    - Server Coordinator
      - [Owen]
- Current GitHub environment
  - An Organisation with 2 repos
    - The "admin" repo contains our administrative resources
      - Policies are _less strict_ for repo actions 
    - The "comp4350-project" repo contains our project
      - Policies __are strict__ for repo action
- Owen & Shaun are semi-unavailable this weekend. Both mentioned they will attempt to reply if able & needed. (Owen expressed this last meeting, and Shaun during this meeting)
> [!NOTE]
> Meeting adjourned early at 14:00

### Tasks & Follow-up
> [!NOTE]
> Unless specified - Due date is before next meeting (2024-09-16-13:30)
- Owen:
  - __[due:ASAP]__ Provide approval and/or concerns of meeting discussions
    - Willingness to be Concept Lead
    - Willingness to be Presentor?
  - Sprint 0 items,
    - *see items in [Agenda](#agenda)  containing your name
- Robert:
  - **[due 2024-09-13]** Post-meeting minutes
  - **[due 2024-09-13]** Contact Owen on proposed tasks for them
  - **[due 2024-09-13]** Prep next meeting agenda
  - Write up responsibilities of roles
  - Create a meeting minutes template
- Brett:
  - Bring as many rough concepts for the mobile app UI (majority in relation to Owens vision), to Monday's meeting
- Azat:
  - **[due:ASAP]** Accept GitHub Invite
  - Bring as many rough concepts for the web app UI (majority in relation to Owens vision), to Monday's meeting
- Shaun:
  - Sprint 0 arhitecture items,
    - *see items in [Agenda](#agenda) containing your name

### Next Meeting Agenda
- Who will hand in the Sprint 0 worksheet & presentation?
- Create a draft presentation with Owen & Shauns work
- Missing Sprint 0 items:
  - Determine rough workload divisions
- [TimePermitting] Discuss UI
  - Start by viewing the concepts brought by Azat & Brett
- [TimePermitting] Project Administration:
  - Roles Filled
  - Roles To Fill
  - Expectations of Roles
