# Monday Weekly Meeting 2
- **Date:** 2024-09-23
- **Time:** 13:30-14:30
- **Location:** Engineering Room 362D
- **Minute Taker:** Azat
- **Attendees:** 
  - Owen
  - Robert
  - Brett
  - Azat
  - Shaun

## Purpose
Meeting with the Project Owner Bighnaraj Mishra and pitching our project idea to them. 

## Agenda
1. to meet our PO

## Minutes
- We met our Project Owner Bighnaraj Mishra and explained our idea
  - clarified on that we have an admin repo and a project repo
  - clarified on that our functionalities for web and mobile applications are different
  - clarified that our offline functionality is that GPS tracker send the data to out mobile application and than from mobile we upload to a laptop that someone opened an instance of backend.
- next week Sept 30 we mmet over Discord VC @ 1:30pm
- we could implement a depth of the lake so that boats are not going to hit the rocks. **(Fourth tier optional)**
- Robert said that he posted Features/User Stories/Issues
- Robert and Brett discussed about branching. Branching from main to development and then to feature branches.
- **No commits to main unless approved by 2 or more people**
- ASP.net code and MySql codes are mainly the same code. There might be a boolean to determine which is online and offline
- Online database is the main database
- Not a security course so no real authentication required
- Optional:
    - every minute ping of updating positions, or
    - after 20 meters from previous position, send another update
- **Priority:**
    - Race Creation - Web development
    - Mobile tracking - Mobile development
    - Server/Database and API
- for now each feature has 1 user story. Later we might add more to the features
- Robert and Shaun discussed that they need to create a Front-end layout at least
- Oct 4-7 Shaun is not present
- Oct 11-12 Owen is not present
- VS proper for C#
- Typescript is Javascript but with types, since JS can't recognise types
- some user stories do not fit under features (like the main page)
  
### Tasks & Follow-up
- Owen: to start on back end
- Robert: to start on flutter layout design
- Brett: ?to start on Docker?
- Azat: to start on back end
- Shaun: to start on React layout design

### Next Meeting Agenda
- If there are confusions, sorting them
- Reporting the progress
